[nav2_controller] Add failure_tolerance param (#159)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: configuration/packages/configuring-controller-server.rst

  Description
    The controller server filters the velocity portion of the odometry messages received before sending them to the controller plugin.
    Odometry values below this threshold (in rad/s) will be set to 0.0.
    
:failure_tolerance:

  ============== =============================
  Type           Default                                               
  -------------- -----------------------------
  double         0.0           
  ============== =============================

  Description
    The maximum duration in seconds the called controller plugin can fail (i.e. the :code:`computeVelocityCommands` function of the plugin throwing an exception) before the :code:`nav2_msgs::action::FollowPath` action fails.

>     Setting it to the special value of -1.0 makes it infinite, otherwise it should be set strictly superior to 0.0 to have an effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Setting it to the special value of -1.0 makes it infinite, 0 to disable, and any positive value for the appropriate timeout.
```
